MANUAL_SUBMISSIONS.md, before:

# Manual Submission Guide for MCP Console Automation

This document provides step-by-step instructions for submitting the MCP Console Automation server to registries and marketplaces that require manual submission.

---

## ✅ Completed Automated Submissions

These have been submitted via GitHub Pull Requests and are awaiting review:

1. **Docker MCP Registry** - PR #311: https://github.com/docker/mcp-registry/pull/311
2. **Awesome MCP Servers (punkpeye)** - PR #1385: https://github.com/punkpeye/awesome-mcp-servers/pull/1385
3. **Official MCP Servers (modelcontextprotocol)** - PR #2814: https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers/pull/2814

---

## 📝 Manual Submissions Required

### 1. Cline's MCP Marketplace ⭐ (HIGH PRIORITY)

**Why Important**: Official marketplace for Cline IDE with millions of developers

**Logo Ready**: SVG logo created at `logo.svg` - convert to PNG at https://cloudconvert.com/svg-to-png

**Submission Process**:
1. Convert `logo.svg` to `logo.png` (400x400 PNG format):
   - Use online converter: https://cloudconvert.com/svg-to-png
   - Set dimensions: 400x400 pixels
   - Enable transparent background
   - Save as `logo.png` in repository root
2. Go to: https://github.com/cline/mcp-marketplace/issues/new
3. Use the "MCP server submission" template
4. Fill in the following:
   - **GitHub Repository URL**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
   - **Logo**: Upload the generated `logo.png` (400x400 PNG)
   - **Value Explanation**: "Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. 40 tools for session management, SSH, testing, monitoring, and background jobs. Like Playwright for terminal applications."
   - **Testing Confirmation**: Confirm you've tested installation using Cline with README

**Review Criteria**: Community adoption, developer credibility, project maturity, and security considerations

**Timeline**: Reviews typically completed within a couple of days

**Support**: Join Cline Discord and post in #mcp channel if you need help

---

### 2. MCP Server Finder ⭐ (HIGH PRIORITY)

**Why Important**: The definitive resource for discovering and comparing MCP servers

**Submission Process**:
1. Go to: https://www.mcpserverfinder.com
2. Click the "Submit" button
3. Follow the Notion form: https://pewter-lancer-965.notion.site/1aaef90c9cf280a7afa2c039bce8bcf6

**Information to Provide**:
- Server Name: Console Automation
- GitHub URL: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
- Description: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. 40 tools for session management, SSH, testing, monitoring, and background jobs. Like Playwright for terminal applications.
- Category: Development Tools / Terminal Automation
- Tags: console, terminal, automation, ssh, testing, monitoring, devops

---

### 3. MCPServers.org (wong2) ⭐ (HIGH PRIORITY)

**Why Important**: Popular community-curated list with direct web submission

**Submission Process**:
1. Go to: https://mcpservers.org/submit
2. Fill in the web form:
   - **Server Name**: Console Automation
   - **Short Description**: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. 40 tools for session management, SSH, testing, monitoring, and background jobs.
   - **Link**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
   - **Category**: Development
   - **Contact Email**: Your email address

**Optional**: Consider paying $39 for "Official Badge review" for enhanced visibility

**Note**: Do NOT submit a PR to wong2/awesome-mcp-servers - they only accept submissions via this web form

---

### 4. MCP Server Directory (.org) ⭐

**Why Important**: Comprehensive navigation hub for all MCP resources (2500+ resources)

**Submission Process**:
1. Go to: https://mcpserverdirectory.org/submit
2. Click "Submit MCP Resource"
3. Fill in the submission form with:
   - **Name**: Console Automation
   - **URL**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
   - **Description**: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. Features 40 comprehensive tools for session management, SSH connections, test automation, monitoring, and background job execution. Like Playwright for terminal applications.
   - **Category**: Developer Tools / Terminal Automation
   - **Tags**: console, terminal, automation, ssh, testing, monitoring, background-jobs, devops, ci-cd

---

### 5. MCP Index (.net)

**Why Important**: Curated directory helping developers discover MCP implementations

**Submission Status**: Submission system coming soon

**Action Required**:
1. Monitor: https://mcpindex.net/en
2. Contact page available at: https://mcpindex.net/en/contact
3. When submission system launches, submit with:
   - GitHub URL: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
   - Description: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. 40 tools for session management, SSH, testing, monitoring, and background jobs.

---

### 6. MCP.so

**Submission Process**:
1. Go to: https://mcp.so
2. Click the "Submit" button in navigation
3. Fill in the form:
   - **Name**: Console Automation
   - **Type**: Server
   - **URL**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
   - **Description**: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. 40 tools for session management, SSH, testing, monitoring, and background jobs. Like Playwright for terminal applications.

---

### 7. MCP Market (.com)

**Status**: Unable to access due to rate limiting (429 error)

**Action Required**:
1. Try accessing: https://mcpmarket.com
2. Look for "Submit" or "Add Server" button
3. Submit with standard information above

---

### 8. Smithery.ai

**Submission Process**:
1. Go to: https://smithery.ai
2. Look for "Publish Server" link in navigation
3. Alternatively, contact via:
   - GitHub: https://github.com/smithery-ai (check for submission repo)
   - Discord: Check for Smithery Discord community
   - X/Twitter: @smithery_ai

**Information to Provide**:
- Repository: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
- npm Package: mcp-console-automation
- Description: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring

---

### 9. Glama.ai

**Submission Process**:
1. Go to: https://glama.ai/mcp/servers
2. Look for submission instructions
3. Join community channels:
   - Discord: https://glama.ai/mcp/discord
   - Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/mcp/

**Action**: Post in community channels with:
```
Title: New MCP Server: Console Automation

I'd like to submit a new MCP server to the Glama.ai directory:

**Name**: Console Automation
**Repository**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
**npm**: mcp-console-automation

**Description**: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. Features 40 comprehensive tools for session management, SSH connections, test automation, monitoring, and background job execution. Like Playwright for terminal applications.

**Key Features**:
- 40 tools across 6 categories
- Full SSH support (password & key-based)
- Cross-platform (Windows, macOS, Linux)
- Test automation framework
- Enterprise monitoring
- 100% test coverage, 0 vulnerabilities

How can I get this listed on Glama.ai?
```

---

### 10. MCP Hub (mcp.run)

**Status**: Website appears to be primarily CSS/tracking (unable to find submission form)

**Action Required**:
1. Investigate: https://mcp.run
2. Look for documentation or submission instructions
3. Check if there's a GitHub repository
4. May need to contact directly via social media or support channels

---

## 🔧 API Registries & Marketplaces

Since MCP servers are essentially APIs, you can also consider submitting to API-focused registries:

### Official GitHub MCP Registry ⭐⭐⭐ (HIGHEST PRIORITY)

**Why Important**: Official registry launched September 2025 by GitHub/Anthropic

**Submission Process**:
1. Build the publisher CLI:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/registry
   cd registry
   make publisher
   ```

2. Publish using CLI:
   ```bash
   ./bin/mcp-publisher --help
   ```

3. **Authentication Options**:
   - GitHub OAuth (easiest for github.com repositories)
   - GitHub OIDC
   - DNS verification
   - HTTP verification

4. **Namespace**: `io.github.ooples/console-automation`
   - Must authenticate as GitHub user `ooples`

5. **Validation**: Registry validates namespace ownership automatically

**Documentation**: Check the publisher guide in the registry repository

---

### Apigee Registry (Google Cloud)

**Why Submit**: Enterprise API catalog with machine-readable descriptions

**Process**:
1. Create OpenAPI/Swagger spec for MCP server's REST interface
2. Upload via Apigee Registry API: https://github.com/apigee/registry
3. Can be used as machine-readable enterprise API catalog

**Note**: Primarily for enterprises using Google Cloud Platform

---

### Redocly API Registry

**Process**:
1. Create OpenAPI specification for MCP server
2. Visit: https://redocly.com/docs-legacy/api-registry/guides/api-registry-quickstart
3. Connect GitHub repository
4. Add API definitions as single-source of truth

**Use Case**: If you want professional API documentation portal

---

## 📦 npm Publishing (READY)

The package is built and ready to publish:

```bash
cd C:\Users\yolan\source\repos\mcp-console-automation
npm login
npm publish
```

**Package Name**: `mcp-console-automation` (available on npm registry)
**Version**: 1.0.0

---

## 📋 Standard Information Template

Use this template for all submissions:

```
Name: Console Automation

Repository: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation

npm Package: mcp-console-automation

Version: 1.0.0

License: MIT

Description:
Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. Features 40 comprehensive tools for session management, SSH connections, test automation, monitoring, and background job execution. Like Playwright for terminal applications.

Short Description:
Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation. 40 tools for session management, SSH, testing, monitoring, and background jobs.

Category: Development Tools / Terminal Automation

Tags: console, terminal, automation, ssh, testing, monitoring, background-jobs, devops, ci-cd, remote-execution, playwright-for-terminal

Key Features:
- 40 comprehensive tools across 6 categories
- Full SSH support with password and key-based authentication
- Cross-platform: Windows, macOS, Linux
- Test automation framework similar to Playwright
- Production-ready: 100% test coverage, 0 vulnerabilities
- Enterprise monitoring with dashboards and alerts
- Background job execution with priority queuing
- Connection profile management

Documentation:
- README: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation/blob/master/README.md
- Tools Reference: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation/blob/master/docs/TOOLS.md
- Examples: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation/blob/master/docs/EXAMPLES.md

Quality Metrics:
- Tests: 27/27 passing (100% coverage)
- Security: 0 vulnerabilities
- Docker Image: ~150MB
- Concurrent Sessions: 50+

Use Cases:
- DevOps automation and deployment workflows
- CI/CD testing with assertions and validations
- Remote server management with SSH profiles
- System monitoring with metrics and alerts
- Background job execution with priority queues
- Test automation for CLI applications
```

---

## 🎯 Priority Order

**Immediate (Next 24 hours)**:
1. ⭐⭐⭐ Official GitHub MCP Registry (highest visibility)
2. ⭐⭐ Cline's MCP Marketplace (millions of Cline users)
3. ⭐⭐ MCP Server Finder (definitive resource)
4. ⭐ MCPServers.org (easy web form)
5. ⭐ MCP Server Directory (.org)

**Soon (Next Week)**:
6. MCP.so
7. Smithery.ai
8. Glama.ai
9. MCP Index (wait for submission system launch)
10. MCP Hub
11. MCP Market

**Optional (API-Focused)**:
12. Apigee Registry (if targeting enterprise)
13. Redocly API Registry (if want API documentation portal)

---

## ✅ Checklist

### 🎨 Logo & Assets
- [x] Create SVG logo - **COMPLETED** (`logo.svg` created)
- [x] Convert SVG to 400x400 PNG - **COMPLETED** (`logo.png` created and pushed to GitHub)

### 🚀 Automated Submissions (COMPLETED)
- [x] Docker MCP Registry - PR #311
- [x] Awesome MCP Servers (punkpeye) - PR #1385
- [x] Official MCP Servers (modelcontextprotocol) - PR #2814

### ⭐ HIGH PRIORITY Manual Submissions
- [x] **Cline's MCP Marketplace** - **COMPLETED**
  - ✅ Issue #504 created: https://github.com/cline/mcp-marketplace/issues/504
  - Logo uploaded, all requirements met

- [x] **MCPServers.org (wong2)** - **COMPLETED**
  - ✅ Submitted via web form successfully
  - Category: Development, awaiting review

- [x] **Official GitHub MCP Registry** - **COMPLETED** ✅
  - ✅ Version 1.0.2 successfully published via GitHub Actions workflow
  - Package: `io.github.ooples/mcp-console-automation`
  - Registry URL: https://registry.modelcontextprotocol.io
  - Authentication: GitHub OIDC (automated via CI/CD)
  - Published: 2025-10-05
  - **Automated Publishing**: GitHub Action workflow automatically publishes on new releases

- [ ] **MCP Server Finder** (Notion form)
  - ⚠️ **ACTION NEEDED**: Manual form submission required
  - Form URL: https://pewter-lancer-965.notion.site/1aaef90c9cf280a7afa2c039bce8bcf6
  - Fill in: Repository name (mcp-console-automation), Description, Owner (ooples)

- [ ] **MCP Server Directory (.org)** (web form)
  - Submit at: https://mcpserverdirectory.org/submit
  - **Detailed Description**: See `DETAILED_DESCRIPTION.md` for comprehensive submission text
  - Use the "Detailed Description" section for the submission form

### 📦 Package Publishing
- [ ] **npm Publishing** (requires npm login)
  - ⚠️ **ACTION NEEDED**: User must log in to npm
  - Package name verified available: `mcp-console-automation`
  - Run: `cd "C:\Users\yolan\source\repos\mcp-console-automation" && npm login`
  - Then run: `npm publish`
  - Package version: `1.0.0`

### 🔄 Medium Priority Submissions
- [ ] Submit to MCP.so (web form)
- [ ] Contact Smithery.ai (web/Discord/GitHub)
- [ ] Post to Glama.ai community (Discord/Reddit)
- [ ] Investigate MCP Hub submission process
- [ ] Monitor MCP Index (.net) for submission system launch
- [ ] Try MCP Market (.com) when accessible

### 📄 Optional API Registries
- [ ] Create OpenAPI spec for API-focused registries
- [ ] Apigee Registry (for enterprises using Google Cloud)
- [ ] Redocly API Registry (for API documentation portal)

---

## 🔗 Quick Links

- **Docker Registry PR**: https://github.com/docker/mcp-registry/pull/311
- **Awesome MCP PR**: https://github.com/punkpeye/awesome-mcp-servers/pull/1385
- **Official Servers PR**: https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers/pull/2814
- **GitHub Repository**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
- **GitHub Release**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation/releases/tag/v1.0.0

---

**Last Updated**: 2025-10-03

Commit message:

docs: update MCP Registry status - confirmed successfully published
Updated MANUAL_SUBMISSIONS.md to reflect accurate status:
- Package io.github.ooples/mcp-console-automation version 1.0.2 is successfully published
- Registry publication succeeded, workflow issue was just the protected branch commit step
- Fixed workflow to handle protected branch gracefully (commit fd4dcb9)

MANUAL_SUBMISSIONS.md, after:

# Manual Submission Guide for MCP Console Automation

This document provides step-by-step instructions for submitting the MCP Console Automation server to registries and marketplaces that require manual submission.

---

## ✅ Completed Automated Submissions

These have been submitted via GitHub Pull Requests and are awaiting review:

1. **Docker MCP Registry** - PR #311: https://github.com/docker/mcp-registry/pull/311
2. **Awesome MCP Servers (punkpeye)** - PR #1385: https://github.com/punkpeye/awesome-mcp-servers/pull/1385
3. **Official MCP Servers (modelcontextprotocol)** - PR #2814: https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers/pull/2814

---

## 📝 Manual Submissions Required

### 1. Cline's MCP Marketplace ⭐ (HIGH PRIORITY)

**Why Important**: Official marketplace for Cline IDE with millions of developers

**Logo Ready**: SVG logo created at `logo.svg` - convert to PNG at https://cloudconvert.com/svg-to-png

**Submission Process**:
1. Convert `logo.svg` to `logo.png` (400x400 PNG format):
   - Use online converter: https://cloudconvert.com/svg-to-png
   - Set dimensions: 400x400 pixels
   - Enable transparent background
   - Save as `logo.png` in repository root
2. Go to: https://github.com/cline/mcp-marketplace/issues/new
3. Use the "MCP server submission" template
4. Fill in the following:
   - **GitHub Repository URL**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
   - **Logo**: Upload the generated `logo.png` (400x400 PNG)
   - **Value Explanation**: "Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. 40 tools for session management, SSH, testing, monitoring, and background jobs. Like Playwright for terminal applications."
   - **Testing Confirmation**: Confirm you've tested installation using Cline with README

**Review Criteria**: Community adoption, developer credibility, project maturity, and security considerations

**Timeline**: Reviews typically completed within a couple of days

**Support**: Join Cline Discord and post in #mcp channel if you need help

---

### 2. MCP Server Finder ⭐ (HIGH PRIORITY)

**Why Important**: The definitive resource for discovering and comparing MCP servers

**Submission Process**:
1. Go to: https://www.mcpserverfinder.com
2. Click the "Submit" button
3. Follow the Notion form: https://pewter-lancer-965.notion.site/1aaef90c9cf280a7afa2c039bce8bcf6

**Information to Provide**:
- Server Name: Console Automation
- GitHub URL: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
- Description: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. 40 tools for session management, SSH, testing, monitoring, and background jobs. Like Playwright for terminal applications.
- Category: Development Tools / Terminal Automation
- Tags: console, terminal, automation, ssh, testing, monitoring, devops

---

### 3. MCPServers.org (wong2) ⭐ (HIGH PRIORITY)

**Why Important**: Popular community-curated list with direct web submission

**Submission Process**:
1. Go to: https://mcpservers.org/submit
2. Fill in the web form:
   - **Server Name**: Console Automation
   - **Short Description**: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. 40 tools for session management, SSH, testing, monitoring, and background jobs.
   - **Link**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
   - **Category**: Development
   - **Contact Email**: Your email address

**Optional**: Consider paying $39 for "Official Badge review" for enhanced visibility

**Note**: Do NOT submit a PR to wong2/awesome-mcp-servers - they only accept submissions via this web form

---

### 4. MCP Server Directory (.org) ⭐

**Why Important**: Comprehensive navigation hub for all MCP resources (2500+ resources)

**Submission Process**:
1. Go to: https://mcpserverdirectory.org/submit
2. Click "Submit MCP Resource"
3. Fill in the submission form with:
   - **Name**: Console Automation
   - **URL**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
   - **Description**: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. Features 40 comprehensive tools for session management, SSH connections, test automation, monitoring, and background job execution. Like Playwright for terminal applications.
   - **Category**: Developer Tools / Terminal Automation
   - **Tags**: console, terminal, automation, ssh, testing, monitoring, background-jobs, devops, ci-cd

---

### 5. MCP Index (.net)

**Why Important**: Curated directory helping developers discover MCP implementations

**Submission Status**: Submission system coming soon

**Action Required**:
1. Monitor: https://mcpindex.net/en
2. Contact page available at: https://mcpindex.net/en/contact
3. When submission system launches, submit with:
   - GitHub URL: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
   - Description: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. 40 tools for session management, SSH, testing, monitoring, and background jobs.

---

### 6. MCP.so

**Submission Process**:
1. Go to: https://mcp.so
2. Click the "Submit" button in navigation
3. Fill in the form:
   - **Name**: Console Automation
   - **Type**: Server
   - **URL**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
   - **Description**: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. 40 tools for session management, SSH, testing, monitoring, and background jobs. Like Playwright for terminal applications.

---

### 7. MCP Market (.com)

**Status**: Unable to access due to rate limiting (429 error)

**Action Required**:
1. Try accessing: https://mcpmarket.com
2. Look for "Submit" or "Add Server" button
3. Submit with standard information above

---

### 8. Smithery.ai

**Submission Process**:
1. Go to: https://smithery.ai
2. Look for "Publish Server" link in navigation
3. Alternatively, contact via:
   - GitHub: https://github.com/smithery-ai (check for submission repo)
   - Discord: Check for Smithery Discord community
   - X/Twitter: @smithery_ai

**Information to Provide**:
- Repository: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
- npm Package: mcp-console-automation
- Description: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring

---

### 9. Glama.ai

**Submission Process**:
1. Go to: https://glama.ai/mcp/servers
2. Look for submission instructions
3. Join community channels:
   - Discord: https://glama.ai/mcp/discord
   - Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/mcp/

**Action**: Post in community channels with:
```
Title: New MCP Server: Console Automation

I'd like to submit a new MCP server to the Glama.ai directory:

**Name**: Console Automation
**Repository**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
**npm**: mcp-console-automation

**Description**: Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. Features 40 comprehensive tools for session management, SSH connections, test automation, monitoring, and background job execution. Like Playwright for terminal applications.

**Key Features**:
- 40 tools across 6 categories
- Full SSH support (password & key-based)
- Cross-platform (Windows, macOS, Linux)
- Test automation framework
- Enterprise monitoring
- 100% test coverage, 0 vulnerabilities

How can I get this listed on Glama.ai?
```

---

### 10. MCP Hub (mcp.run)

**Status**: Website appears to be primarily CSS/tracking (unable to find submission form)

**Action Required**:
1. Investigate: https://mcp.run
2. Look for documentation or submission instructions
3. Check if there's a GitHub repository
4. May need to contact directly via social media or support channels

---

## 🔧 API Registries & Marketplaces

Since MCP servers are essentially APIs, you can also consider submitting to API-focused registries:

### Official GitHub MCP Registry ⭐⭐⭐ (HIGHEST PRIORITY)

**Why Important**: Official registry launched September 2025 by GitHub/Anthropic

**Submission Process**:
1. Build the publisher CLI:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/registry
   cd registry
   make publisher
   ```

2. Publish using CLI:
   ```bash
   ./bin/mcp-publisher --help
   ```

3. **Authentication Options**:
   - GitHub OAuth (easiest for github.com repositories)
   - GitHub OIDC
   - DNS verification
   - HTTP verification

4. **Namespace**: `io.github.ooples/console-automation`
   - Must authenticate as GitHub user `ooples`

5. **Validation**: Registry validates namespace ownership automatically

**Documentation**: Check the publisher guide in the registry repository

---

### Apigee Registry (Google Cloud)

**Why Submit**: Enterprise API catalog with machine-readable descriptions

**Process**:
1. Create OpenAPI/Swagger spec for MCP server's REST interface
2. Upload via Apigee Registry API: https://github.com/apigee/registry
3. Can be used as machine-readable enterprise API catalog

**Note**: Primarily for enterprises using Google Cloud Platform

---

### Redocly API Registry

**Process**:
1. Create OpenAPI specification for MCP server
2. Visit: https://redocly.com/docs-legacy/api-registry/guides/api-registry-quickstart
3. Connect GitHub repository
4. Add API definitions as single-source of truth

**Use Case**: If you want professional API documentation portal

---

## 📦 npm Publishing (READY)

The package is built and ready to publish:

```bash
cd C:\Users\yolan\source\repos\mcp-console-automation
npm login
npm publish
```

**Package Name**: `mcp-console-automation` (available on npm registry)
**Version**: 1.0.0

---

## 📋 Standard Information Template

Use this template for all submissions:

```
Name: Console Automation

Repository: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation

npm Package: mcp-console-automation

Version: 1.0.0

License: MIT

Description:
Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation and monitoring. Features 40 comprehensive tools for session management, SSH connections, test automation, monitoring, and background job execution. Like Playwright for terminal applications.

Short Description:
Production-ready MCP server for AI-driven console automation. 40 tools for session management, SSH, testing, monitoring, and background jobs.

Category: Development Tools / Terminal Automation

Tags: console, terminal, automation, ssh, testing, monitoring, background-jobs, devops, ci-cd, remote-execution, playwright-for-terminal

Key Features:
- 40 comprehensive tools across 6 categories
- Full SSH support with password and key-based authentication
- Cross-platform: Windows, macOS, Linux
- Test automation framework similar to Playwright
- Production-ready: 100% test coverage, 0 vulnerabilities
- Enterprise monitoring with dashboards and alerts
- Background job execution with priority queuing
- Connection profile management

Documentation:
- README: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation/blob/master/README.md
- Tools Reference: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation/blob/master/docs/TOOLS.md
- Examples: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation/blob/master/docs/EXAMPLES.md

Quality Metrics:
- Tests: 27/27 passing (100% coverage)
- Security: 0 vulnerabilities
- Docker Image: ~150MB
- Concurrent Sessions: 50+

Use Cases:
- DevOps automation and deployment workflows
- CI/CD testing with assertions and validations
- Remote server management with SSH profiles
- System monitoring with metrics and alerts
- Background job execution with priority queues
- Test automation for CLI applications
```

---

## 🎯 Priority Order

**Immediate (Next 24 hours)**:
1. ⭐⭐⭐ Official GitHub MCP Registry (highest visibility)
2. ⭐⭐ Cline's MCP Marketplace (millions of Cline users)
3. ⭐⭐ MCP Server Finder (definitive resource)
4. ⭐ MCPServers.org (easy web form)
5. ⭐ MCP Server Directory (.org)

**Soon (Next Week)**:
6. MCP.so
7. Smithery.ai
8. Glama.ai
9. MCP Index (wait for submission system launch)
10. MCP Hub
11. MCP Market

**Optional (API-Focused)**:
12. Apigee Registry (if targeting enterprise)
13. Redocly API Registry (if want API documentation portal)

---

## ✅ Checklist

### 🎨 Logo & Assets
- [x] Create SVG logo - **COMPLETED** (`logo.svg` created)
- [x] Convert SVG to 400x400 PNG - **COMPLETED** (`logo.png` created and pushed to GitHub)

### 🚀 Automated Submissions (COMPLETED)
- [x] Docker MCP Registry - PR #311
- [x] Awesome MCP Servers (punkpeye) - PR #1385
- [x] Official MCP Servers (modelcontextprotocol) - PR #2814

### ⭐ HIGH PRIORITY Manual Submissions
- [x] **Cline's MCP Marketplace** - **COMPLETED**
  - ✅ Issue #504 created: https://github.com/cline/mcp-marketplace/issues/504
  - Logo uploaded, all requirements met

- [x] **MCPServers.org (wong2)** - **COMPLETED**
  - ✅ Submitted via web form successfully
  - Category: Development, awaiting review

- [x] **Official GitHub MCP Registry** - **COMPLETED** ✅
  - ✅ Version 1.0.2 successfully published to MCP Registry
  - Package: `io.github.ooples/mcp-console-automation`
  - Registry URL: https://registry.modelcontextprotocol.io
  - Authentication: GitHub OIDC (automated via CI/CD)
  - Published: 2025-10-05
  - **Automated Publishing**: GitHub Action workflow automatically publishes on new releases
  - **Status**: ✅ Package is live and accessible on the registry
  - **Workflow**: Fixed protected branch issue (commit fd4dcb9) - workflow now completes successfully

- [ ] **MCP Server Finder** (Notion form)
  - ⚠️ **ACTION NEEDED**: Manual form submission required
  - Form URL: https://pewter-lancer-965.notion.site/1aaef90c9cf280a7afa2c039bce8bcf6
  - Fill in: Repository name (mcp-console-automation), Description, Owner (ooples)

- [ ] **MCP Server Directory (.org)** (web form)
  - Submit at: https://mcpserverdirectory.org/submit
  - **Detailed Description**: See `DETAILED_DESCRIPTION.md` for comprehensive submission text
  - Use the "Detailed Description" section for the submission form

### 📦 Package Publishing
- [ ] **npm Publishing** (requires npm login)
  - ⚠️ **ACTION NEEDED**: User must log in to npm
  - Package name verified available: `mcp-console-automation`
  - Run: `cd "C:\Users\yolan\source\repos\mcp-console-automation" && npm login`
  - Then run: `npm publish`
  - Package version: `1.0.0`

### 🔄 Medium Priority Submissions
- [ ] Submit to MCP.so (web form)
- [ ] Contact Smithery.ai (web/Discord/GitHub)
- [ ] Post to Glama.ai community (Discord/Reddit)
- [ ] Investigate MCP Hub submission process
- [ ] Monitor MCP Index (.net) for submission system launch
- [ ] Try MCP Market (.com) when accessible

### 📄 Optional API Registries
- [ ] Create OpenAPI spec for API-focused registries
- [ ] Apigee Registry (for enterprises using Google Cloud)
- [ ] Redocly API Registry (for API documentation portal)

---

## 🔗 Quick Links

- **Docker Registry PR**: https://github.com/docker/mcp-registry/pull/311
- **Awesome MCP PR**: https://github.com/punkpeye/awesome-mcp-servers/pull/1385
- **Official Servers PR**: https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/servers/pull/2814
- **GitHub Repository**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation
- **GitHub Release**: https://github.com/ooples/mcp-console-automation/releases/tag/v1.0.0

---

**Last Updated**: 2025-10-03
